you
hi I'm candy with candy a Haynesworth
designs thanks for joining in today so
today we are going to make earrings
using gift wrapping paper and a punch
here are the supplies that you'll need
gift wrapping paper now this isn't the
gift wrapping paper from the dollar
store this is a better quality gift
wrapping paper and in fact it cost about
8 bucks but you can get it from stores
like TJ Maxx and Marshalls for around
399 so that's half of the cost of what
the original price is then you'll need a
punch and you want to punch with some
kind of scalloped design or medallions
with design and this is from ek success
and it does have the three variety
punches here I don't know if you've ever
seen this but all you have to do is
switch it to the design that you want it
to punch out and it will do so so this
is a three and one then you will need
foam brushes a scissor a paintbrush gold
paint and this is the metallic paint
from folk art you'll need your crackle
accents if you have glossy accents that
will work fine too it's just that I have
a boatload of that so we're using
crackle axes today you will need tacky
glue a pair of tweezers earring findings
a phone plate and a punch now you don't
necessarily need this heavy-duty punch
but this does have the two notches the
two sizes there and I'm going to use the
smallest size punch hole there just to
apply the earring findings
the first thing that you're going to do
is cut the trim or the edge of the foam
plate because we're going to use the
center of the foam plate to make the
base for the earrings after you've cut
out the center of the plate you're going
to cut it in half next you're going to
slide one of the half of the circles
inside of the punch and you're going to
punch out two medallions so you're going
to use to cut outs or medallions per
earring
you're going to end up with four
medallions or four cutouts we're going
to repeat the same process with the give
wrapping paper
remember we're cutting out four sides
before you apply your earring findings
you should have four punch outs with the
foam and four punch outs with the gift
wrapping paper of what we're going to do
next is pair up the foam
and then after we adhere these two
together we're going to apply some tacky
glue and then line up the gift wrapping
paper onto it before we apply the tacky
glue to the foam cutouts we're going to
mix the tacky glue with the metallic
paint you want to make sure that the
glue is mixed in evenly with the gold
metallic paint
the next thing that you're going to do
is place the gold metallic paint and the
glue aside and you're going to take two
of the medallions and pair them up flat
side to flat side so you'll see that one
side looks a bit grazed and the other
side is flat remember this is a cutout
from a foam plate and then you're going
to pair it up lining the holes or your
design up like so then the next thing
you want to do is apply glue here and
then once again line up the cutout
according to the design apply a thin
layer of the metallic paint and the glue
that is mixed on to the medallion now
you're just using a small amount of glue
and the gold paint that is mixed
together the next thing that you're
going to do is once again pair up the
second part of the earring holes the
holes after you have a pair of the two
together the next thing that you want to
do is paint the edge or the sides of the
two medallions that are paired together
with your gold metallic paint and your
glue mixture
after you have painted the sides with
the glue mixture and the paint you're
going to paint a thin layer on top of
the medallion and then the next thing
you're going to do is take the gold gift
wrapping paper and apply it to the
medallion pairing it up with the hole or
the design of your cutout next turn it
on the reverse side and apply blue
repeating the process and then you want
to take the gold gift wrapping paper or
your gift wrapping paper and apply it to
the reverse side of the medallion
remember you want to pair it up
according to the design lastly you apply
your crackle accents or your glossy
finish and your earring findings and
you're all done that's it you did it
well thanks for joining in and you can
always visit me at wwk on dia
Haynesworth comm or on facebook at big
mouth crafters thanks so much and I'll
see you next time